Updates RNs for zstream 4.9.55 (#55607)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-9-release-notes.adoc

==== Updating

To update an existing {product-title} 4.9 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster using the CLI] for instructions.

[id="ocp-4-9-55"]
=== RHSA-2023:0574 - {product-title} 4.9.55 bug fix and security update

> Issued: 2023-2-09

Reviewer: `02` for the month, to match to the others

Author: Done, thank you!

{product-title} release 4.9.55, which includes security updates, is now available. The bug fixes that are included in the update are listed in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:0574[RHSA-2023:0574] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2023:0573[RHSA-2023:0573] advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.9.55 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-9-55-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, Gophercloud did not handle `204 No Content` responses correctly. With this update, the Installation Program works around the issue of zero items to list. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-6086[*OCPBUGS_6086*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, some OpenStack object storage instances responded with `204 No Content` when listing requests with no containers or objects. In these cases, {product-title} did not correctly handle listing responses. With this update, the installation program works around the issue of zero items to list. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-6086[*OCPBUGS_6086*])
```

Author: Made suggested changes.
